Slele/ml info (#1)
RedHatQuickCourses/rhods-model: modules/chapter2/pages/section2.adoc

= Data Exploration

This section covers Data Exploration of the Diabetes dataset that we would be using for this lab

> Open the 'PyTorch' workbench and clone the following Github repository https://github.com/RedHatQuickCourses/rhods-qc-apps.git

Reviewer: I think we should highlight where to find the Git client for users that are not familiar with JupyterLab. Adding a screenshot might help too.

Reviewer: Since you're also referring to the file browser below, giving a quick overview of the JupyterLab toolbar could be useful.

Author: Will talk to Jaime and make a note to add the JupyterLab stuff in the next iteration

> Open the pytorch demo WorkBench and clone the following Github repository https://github.com/RedHatQuickCourses/rhods-qc-apps.git

Reviewer 2: Let's tell them to create a new `PyTorch` workbench.

```suggestion
Create a new `PyTorch` workbench.
Open the workbench  and clone the following Github repository https://github.com/RedHatQuickCourses/rhods-qc-apps.git
```

> Go to the location 3.create-model/pytorch-lab/notebooks and open the 01-data-exploration.ipynb notebook and follow the instructions

Reviewer 2: A little bit of editing to clarify the step a bit more.

```suggestion
By using the file browser in JupyterLab, open the `3.create-model/pytorch-lab/notebooks` directory, open the `01-data-exploration.ipynb` notebook, and follow the instructions.
```
